fix broken links (#1041)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-kubernetes: website/docs/r/daemonset.html.markdown

* `priority_class_name` - (Optional) If specified, indicates the pod's priority. 'system-node-critical' and 'system-cluster-critical' are two special keywords which indicate the highest priorities with the formerer being the highest priority. Any other name must be defined by creating a PriorityClass object with that name. If not specified, the pod priority will be default or zero if there is no default.
* `restart_policy` - (Optional) Restart policy for all containers within the pod. One of Always, OnFailure, Never. For more info see [Kubernetes reference](http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/pod-states#restartpolicy).
* `security_context` - (Optional) SecurityContext holds pod-level security attributes and common container settings. Optional: Defaults to empty

> * `service_account_name` - (Optional) ServiceAccountName is the name of the ServiceAccount to use to run this pod. For more info see https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/service-accounts-admin/.

Reviewer: Same suggestion as with pod, since this is for a podSpec:

```suggestion
* `service_account_name` - (Optional) ServiceAccountName is the name of the ServiceAccount to use to run this pod. For more info see https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/configure-service-account/.
```
